The Prisma concept has been developed by integrating across the works of several people and practices. Prisma is inseparable from the inspiration of these works and the being of their makers. The name Prism, now Prisma, is a blip of potential among a whole horizon of progress already made; a thread in a rich tapestry of lineages and influences that it weaves between. Its expression is the result of holding the questions brought forth by fellow practitioners ([[Prisma Page 14|14]]), their works not able to be reduced to a few short lines:
1. Delfi: How can we see the invisible forces that influence how we learn? How can we consciously evolve how we are learning? How can we convey the qualitative difference of this and attracting resourcing for these intentions? (learning, sense, design and much more)
2. Hugo: How can we express the voice of nature, dynamic, diverse, nested, modular, and whole? How can we see the pulse of our living planet? (artistry, design and much more)
3. Franz: How can we see, connect, and be the movement of movements? How can we integrate across a whole whilst supporting the viability of its parts? (organising infrastructures and much more)
4. Mario: How can we support the formation of transformational ecosystems at the intersection of communities of practice and place? How can we support a bioregion in making itself? (cosmological complexity and much more)
5. Mónica: How can we see our growing networks, finding, learning and exchanging with one another like mycelial roots in a forest? (values flows and much more)
6. Regenesis: How can we see not just the evolution but the changing order of evolution of this work? (order, integrity and much more)
7. Ebru: How can we see, translate and convince with regenerative effect without imposing determinism? How can we convey living contexts? (resourcing and much more)